CCP-1173 migrate shopgate project change header colors (#3)
shopgate/ext-change-header-colors: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/) and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [1.0.2] - 2018-12-13

> * Updates for extension to work with new router. Removed usage of subscription stream and instead update based on current pathname.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updates for extension to work with PWA 6.1. Removed usage of subscription stream and instead update based on current pathname.
```
externals don't know the term "new router"

Author: Changed wording
